A. Dr. Anubha Mann
G04, B Block
Grand Vistas Apartment
Manglam, Kanakvrindavan Township, Sirsi Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan India 302034
India
Current - Transaction Analyst, Deutsche Bank
2012-2019 Practicing DentistJensen Beach, Florida 34957j

MCUDS - MANIPAL  COLLEGE OF DENTAL SCIENCES MANGALORE KARNATAKA - 2003-2008
Divorced Marital Status
Divorce Court
- Domestic Violence
- Dowry
- Maintenance
- Divorce Case


B. Immediate Family Members

father - Duli Chand Maan
mother - Kamla Maan
elder sister - Pratibha Maan
brother - Sachin Maan

C. Not Much -  only talk rarely in person during foreign travel - at afore mentions residence

D. father - Mr. Duli Chand Maan (Govenment of Republic of India - Additional Comissioner of Income Tax Department (IRS Indian Revenue Service) )
D. elder sister - Dr.Pratibha Maan (Rajasthan State Government (India)) - Associate Professor/ pathologist - Sawai Man Singh (SMS) Medical College

E. Not currently co hibating
F. What is a SAC, 
G. Pre marital investigation not initiated so far, ask Jerry for relevant Answer

Not living in the United States



Create a pre-nup, premarital agreement between anubha maan and aditya singh sandhu
the agreement

Party A
Miss. Anubha Mann
G04, B Block
Grand Vistas Apartment
Manglam, Kanakvrindavan Township, Sirsi Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan India 302034
India

Party B
Mr. Aditya Singh Sandhu
203w 52nd St. 
Loveland 
ColoradO
USA 80538

below in the agreement Miss. Anubha Mann refered to as Party A and Mr. Aditya Singh Sandhu refered to Party B

in case of divorce
Which ever party files for Divorce pays for both parties attorney fees 
and is liable for the mental distress caused by the court Case

In case of divorce any property procured together, in the united states, and india
are liable to be split
evenly 5050 between the parties,  
each party is to vacate the primary residence if jointly owned, and is liable for thier own 
residential arrangement
In case of children mother, will vacate the premesis, and the children and father will reside in the 
residence till the child(s) complete thiers high school education. Then the property is to be sold and the 
proceeds are to be split evenly between Anubha and Aditya. 

Neither party can recount money produced during the working years during the 
marriage and attempt to calculaten portions spent on bills on maintenance or 
property and living in an attempt to collect compensation from the other party. 

financial assets in India
inheratance passed to me from my family, my mother is protected and not be considred 
as an asset in divorce
Similarly, any assets that are passed to Anubha from her family are solely hers 
and incase of divorce cannot be counted as assets to be split

financial assets in america that cannot be counted as assets to be split
retirement 401k 
e-trade and anyother assets and stock accounts
savings accounts - each one dosent have rights over the others accounts
if there is a joint savings account each party gets 50%

in case of children
Anubha waives right to child support in india and the united States for all children 
Anubha waives right to alumany and spousal support in india and the united States

In the case of death
the all property and assets of the deceased party pass to the living spouse
to secure thier retirement. All Assets are to be then equally devided 